
Lesson 1
uuuu hhhh uuuu hhhh uuuu hhhh uuuu hhhhuuuu hhhh uuuu hhhh uuuu hhhh uuuu hhhhuh uh uh uhhu hu hu huhuh huh huh huhuh huh uh huh uh huh uh huhh u uh hu uhh huh uhhh u uh hu uhh huh uhh


Lesson 2
eeee tttt eeee tttt eeee tttt eeee tttteeee tttt eeee tttt eeee tttt eeee ttttet et et ettee tee tee teetete tete tete teteeet eet eet eett e et te teet tee teet tete ett e et te teet tee teet tete et


Lesson 3
eeee hhhh tttt uuuueeee hhhh tttt uuuueeee hhhh tttt uuuuhue hue hue hue tutu tutu tutu tutu the the the the he he he he heteeth teeth teeth teeth hut hut hut hutthee thee thee thee tutu tutu tutu tutueh he hue hut teeth teethe the thee tutueh he hue hut teeth teethe the thee tutu


Lesson 4
oooo nnnn oooo nnnn oooo nnnn oooo nnnnoooo nnnn oooo nnnn oooo nnnn oooo nnnnno no no noon on on onnon non non nonnoon noon noon noonono ono ono onono non noon on noo onono non noon on noo ono


Lesson 5
eeee hhhh nnnn oooo tttt uuuuen en en en ho ho ho ho ne ne ne ne nu nu nu nu oh oh oh oh to to to tohen hen hen hen hoe hoe hoe hoe hot hot hot hot Hun Hun Hun Hunnee nee nee nee net net net net not not not not nun nun nun nunnut nut nut nut one one one one out out out out ten ten ten tenTNT TNT TNT TNT toe toe toe toe ton ton ton ton too too too tootot tot tot tot tun tun tun tun

hone hone hone hone hoot hoot hoot hoot hunt hunt hunt huntneon neon neon neon none none none none note note note notenoun noun noun noun onto onto onto onto Otto Otto Otto Ottoteen teen teen teen tent tent tent tent then then then thenthou thou thou thou tone tone tone tone toot toot toot toottote tote tote tote tout tout tout tout tune tune tune tunetenet tenet tenet tenet tenth tenth tenth tenth tooth tooth tooth tooth

Tune the toneNote the teen not the tutuTen hot teeth tout the tuneThe one nut to tote out the henNone hunt out the tenth one ton nunHunt the neon then toot out the tune onto the tent


Lesson 6
aaaa ssss aaaa ssss aaaa ssss aaaa ssssaaaa ssss aaaa ssss aaaa ssss aaaa ssssas as as assa sa sa sasas sas sas sasass ass ass asssass sass sass sassas a sass ass as a sasas a sass ass as a sas


Lesson 7
aaaa eeee hhhh nnnn oooo ssss tttt uuuuah ah ah ah an an an an at at at at ha ha ha ha so so so so us us us usash ash ash ash San San San San sat sat sat sat sea sea sea seaease ease ease ease east east east east Haas Haas Haas HaasHans Hans Hans Hans hash hash hash hash sane sane sane sanesash sash sash sash Sean Sean Sean Sean seat seat seat seatStan Stan Stan Stan

Sean hates tetanus shotsEat the toast at ten to noonThe Taos sun shone as hot as Santa AnnaAnthea assesses the estate at South TahoeHotshot Hanna uses these shoes that Shannon soon seesAt noon on the teahouse Aunt Tess hushes the nauseous hostAnnette senses the sensuous sunset onset on the Athens seaTess Sutton notates the tenuous state that southeast Houston has seenEthan Ness attests to these Tennessee Senate OSHA statutes to shun Utah


Lesson 8
iiii dddd iiii dddd iiii dddd iiii ddddiiii dddd iiii dddd iiii dddd iiii ddddid id id idid id id iddid did did diddid did did didDidi did id did iDidi did id did iuuuu hhhh iiii dddddu du du du hi hi hi hidud dud dud dud hid hid hid hid


Lesson 9
aaaa dddd eeee hhhh iiii nnnn oooo ssss tttt uuuuaaaa dddd eeee hhhh iiii nnnn oooo ssss tttt uuuu

Tina is on hiatus insteadThe statue is sent to Santa AnitaThis session is tedious on the tendonsThat Thai dish is intense on the sinusesOnions stain satin so use this Tide on thisDan Addison detonated the thousandth headstoneEstonian nationhood is a notion hidden in AsiaThe tennis enthusiast hides the dots on his handsOtis said that sand is the seed that Isis sent usTed Austin insinuated that Tunisia is in IndonesiaThe Dissonant in the ninth edition hits on the SaudisI insist that Adenine is in DNA and that andesine is notDeanna and Eddie suntanned on the Tahitian seaside oasisIndiana and Ohio do not need donated tissues and headsetsThe attendant initiated an intense sound that suited OdessaThe dodo added nine and nineteen and attained nine thousandDuane nodded to his sis as he situated his sedan in the shadeDennis Hudson is hidden in a distant Tunisian hashish hideoutNina and Dana hit the astonished attendee on the head in unisonAuntie Edith tends to hint that Edna heeds the ideas due to SatanThe idea that nineteen studious Dadaists assisted Einstein is asinine

Todd hesitated in his Datsun thenhit the Honda in the side in an instantaneous THUDThe thesis that Dante dated Death isas inane as the attitude that Sade stood on SadnessA destitute Sudanese assassin insiststhat sainthood is indeed a handout to heathenish idiotsA thousand nude deadheads sustainedhideous headstands as studious atheists dissented and seethed


Lesson 10
gggg pppp gggg pppp gggg pppp gggg ppppgggg pppp gggg pppp gggg pppp gggg pppppg pg pg pg pg pg pg pggp gp gp gp gp gp gp gpgggg hhhh pppp uuuuup up up up hug hug hug hug pug pug pug pug pup pup pup pupugh ugh ugh ugh Hugh Hugh Hugh Hugh Pugh Pugh Pugh Pugh


Lesson 11
aaaa dddd eeee gggg hhhh iiii nnnn oooo pppp ssss tttt uuuuaaaa dddd eeee gggg hhhh iiii nnnn oooo pppp ssss tttt uuuu

The Huntington is in PasadenaHe has one pip on his insigniaI did not see Patton Against The GestapoI put the sponge onto the peg on the spigotShe did not postpone the hepatitis diagnosisThe USPS sent postage high on August eighteenthPete stops as he peeps at the Pepsi and doughnutsNothing is as stupendous as an independent opinionI did not design this gadget that ignites potatoesNeptune is the sea god and is the god Poseidon tooDo not dispute that pogo is as ingenious as ping pongThe suggestion that toothpaste is poisonous is stupidI suggest that one not go to Saigon in a ship tonightGiuseppe pigged out on antipasto and pungent spaghettiThe pianist is a passionate sap and sings insipid songsAngus thought he needed a tenspot to snap up the headphonesGina Esposito supposed that the signpost in Spain said STOPThe Spanish poet happened to paint his house indigo and sepiaGus is assigned to get genuine snapshots inside the USGS shipThis pennant said Hastings on it and that one said Penn StateGas Seepage in the Peugeot stopped the engine at the guidepostPatti Eng has a PhD in the thespian sagas on Oedipus and AntigoneTonight the teenage peasants appease the pagan suntanning goddessThe penguin gasped as its appendage pushed past the Patagonian shipSeeing an aging ape eating pudding in a teaspoon is not too despondingIn this episode the patient hostages hug and sing despite the gunshotsEspionage at DuPont and Hughes is upsetting to the GOP and the PentagonDoug pauses as he puts the poinsettias and sagging petunias in the teapotThe indignant patient ingested a potent dosage to suspend his indigestionUpsetting gossip at the pageant had Stephanie and Gina sidestepping opponents

Pat goes sightseeing at the pagodain Shanghai despite the gunshots at its apogeeThe passage on Pegasus and the Aegean Seaupon page eight is a poignant adaptationIn hindsight Stonehenge suggests theindigenous geniuses had to depend on the sun and its phasesDaphne Stephenson has gone to Ghana andEthiopia and Uganda to audiotape the distinguished singingThe Pope stood in position atop thehighest point in Santiago as an aghast Angie Diego ingested peanuts


Lesson 12
cccc .... cccc .... cccc .... cccc ....cccc .... cccc .... cccc .... cccc ....eeee cccc tttt ....ec ec ec ec tc tc tc tcec ec ec ec tc tc tc tcc. c. c. c. t. t. t. t. e. e. e. e.c. c. c. c. t. t. t. t. e. e. e. e.etc. etc. etc. etc. etc. etc. etc. etc.etc. etc. etc. etc. etc. etc. etc. etc.


Lesson 13
aaaa cccc dddd eeee gggg hhhh iiii nnnn oooo pppp ssss tttt uuuu ....aaaa cccc dddd eeee gggg hhhh iiii nnnn oooo pppp ssss tttt uuuu ....

I can accept this pecan pie.Each disc costs ten cents each.The census counts us each decade.Couscous is cheapest in Connecticut.Cincinnati and Chicago...each U.S.A. cities.The didactic speech on Chopin educated Chad.Isaac cannot teach us the Chattanooga Choo Choo.Scott Chen teaches in oceanic science at Antioch.The cadets deduced that such antics caused chaos.His stethoscope suggested that Connie had congestion.I contend that a Hitachi scope can decode this speech.The octopus descended to the Titanic deep in the ocean.U.N.E.S.C.O. accepted a chance at a conspicuous occupation.The stagecoach continued to pass the cacti in scenic Tucson.Capt. P. T. Cohen needs access to a tactician in this section.Insecticide succeeds in contacting the insect in a picosecond.Cognac and scotch is an inconspicuous choice...thought Candace.Topnotch associates to authenticate the ancient Cantonese teacups.Coco said coaching is a cinch...catch and toss...catch and toss....The catsup accident at the picnic depicted Dutch as an apathetic nuisance.It is no coincidence that this idiotic sentence has eight concise Cs in it.The enthusiastic duchess noticed the Pontiac coupe...and decided to chase it.

I detect a headache...I hope it is not theSchnapps and Cocoa I had as a nightcap.The accountant...the C.P.A...conceded thathe had on occasion hidden cocaine in a coconut.The cautious Canadian statisticians caughtinconsistencies in the second spacesuit design.The Ph.D. conducted the Puccini Toccata...an acoustic succession in succinct cacophonic staccato notes.


Lesson 14
rrrr ,,,, rrrr ,,,, rrrr ,,,, rrrr ,,,,rrrr ,,,, rrrr ,,,, rrrr ,,,, rrrr ,,,,nnnn oooo rrrr ,,,,or, or, or, or, ro, ro, ro, ro, nor, nor, nor, nor,Orr, Orr, Orr, Orr, Ron, Ron, Ron, Ron, Orono, Orono, Orono, Orono


Lesson 15
aaaa cccc dddd eeee gggg hhhh iiii nnnn oooo pppp rrrr ssss tttt uuuu ,,,, ....aaaa cccc dddd eeee gggg hhhh iiii nnnn oooo pppp rrrr ssss tttt uuuu ,,,, ....

Schroeder desires a career as an orchestra conductor.A recurring procedure irrigates the orchard and the prairie.Harrison, Harriet, Arturo, and Christopher are grandparents.Reagan arranged an airdrop, near the northern Pretoria corridor.The erratic Richard Rodgers production returned to the Curran Theatre.Carrie read the transportation report as Rosie rehearsed her transcript.Roger that, in the circuit, the resistors and transistors are corroded.The grocer reported that the antiperspirant had deteriorated.Pierre Renoir regrets that Gerard Depardieu is not in Chartres, as desired.Horns are characteristic to the rhinoceros and the Triceratops, a dinosaur.Tia Carrere stars, narrates, and is the director in this torrid adaptation.Gertrude, in her aristocratic grandeur, returned the carrots at the restaurant.The Enterprise surprised Picard as it crisscrossed the restricted stratosphere.

Ritter, a character actor, returned anuproarious retort to the irritating chairperson.The rhetoric, the grandeur, and thescripture interpretation surprised the churchgoer.The choreographer restrained his ratherstrong terpsichorean urges, and did not dance.The oceanographer reports that the interior pressure is inappropriate anderroneous, and orders the radar operator to intercept the pursuer.

Ed Harris stars as an arrogant and treacherous paratrooper, interpreting, inerror, orders to torture a geriatric instructor. Though his side hassurrendered, he continues to oppress and interrogate the retired grandparent.The aggressor is arrested, arraigned, tried, and, appropriate to the horrorshe practiced, prosecuted and incarcerated. The granddaughter, a stenographer,nurtures her grandpa, and he recuperates, though his arthritis returns.In retrospect, that paragraph incorporated a preposterous R proportion.


Lesson 16
llll '''' llll '''' llll '''' llll ''''llll '''' llll '''' llll '''' llll ''''LLLL """" LLLL """" LLLL """" LLLL """"aaaa llll ssss ''''all all all all la la la la A's A's A's A'sala ala ala ala l's l's l's l's s's s's s's s'sSal Sal Sal Sal lass lass lass lass Sal's Sal's Sal's Sal's


Lesson 17
aaaa cccc dddd eeee gggg hhhh iiii llll nnnnoooo pppp rrrr ssss tttt uuuu '''' ,,,, ....

"Hello," Ellen laughed, as she collided into Allen.In a nutshell, Clinton still had an electoral landslide.The alcoholic general staged a coup d'etat in Tallahassee.Lucille and Randall cleaned their plates in the candlelight.Leland alleged that "Gilligan's Island" is a little illogical.Sinead O'Connor's latest single isn't going to appall Russell.Colonial landlords near London once said "ain't," not "isn't."Caroline D'Arc is an enrollee at that college in Philadelphia.Didn't she hear, Cal used lots o' laterals, in the last seconds.Eileen O'Hare and Pat O'Shea still shouldn't tell Leslie O'Neill."This little oriental elephant is a cultural sellout," said Helen.The illegal planeload o' pollutants hasn't landed at Chicago's O'Hare.She'll call Allison in Honolulu, not a local call, on her cellular phone.

This'll enthrall the linguists...using the letter "L," one can spell"chocolate."Allegra, an unparalleled intellectual, calculated the celestial latitudes andlongitudes in her sleep.


Lesson 18
ffff yyyy ffff yyyy ffff yyyy ffff yyyyffff yyyy ffff yyyy ffff yyyy ffff yyyyfy fy fy fyyf yf yf yfffff gggg hhhh yyyy pppp uuuuguy guy guy guy gyp gyp gyp gypUHF UHF UHF UHF yuh yuh yuh yuhhuff huff huff huffpuff puff puff puffpuffy puffy puffy puffy puppy puppy puppy puppy


Lesson 19
aaaa cccc dddd eeee ffff gggg hhhh iiii llll nnnnoooo pppp rrrr ssss tttt uuuu yyyy '''' ,,,, ....aaaa cccc dddd eeee ffff gggg hhhh iiii llll nnnnoooo pppp rrrr ssss tttt uuuu yyyy '''' ,,,, ....

In Lafayette, crayfish and coffee intensify the lifestyle."I defy you," cried Finley, "to find a falcon as feathery as Godfrey."Granny Fay left Cindy a frilly, yet unfortunately frayed, taffeta dress.In days of yesteryear, typography did not signify only fonts and typefaces.

The youthful fantasy of Goofy and Donald left Francine the fallacy that life isoften funny."After the fifteenth forfeiture," uttered the referee, "Stanford is,officially, ineffectual."Dreyfuss thought fondly of that hefty eyeful of San Francisco's fog, lastFriday near the ferry.Geoffrey's faculty lecture on crystallography and diffraction patterns isusually insufficient and faulty.If you can differentiate psychotherapy and psychoanalysis, or psychiatry andpsychology, you yourself are a psychologist.Yesterday, as they do each payday, Sydney and Clifford playfully ran off tothe fishery for frothy glasses of Henry's Draft Ale.


Lesson 20
kkkk mmmm kkkk mmmm kkkk mmmm kkkk mmmmkkkk mmmm kkkk mmmm kkkk mmmm kkkk mmmmkm km km km km km km kmmk mk mk mk mk mk mk mkhhhh kkkk mmmm uuuuku ku ku kumu mu mu muUK UK UK UKhum hum hum hum mum mum mum mum muk muk muk muk


Lesson 21
aaaa cccc dddd eeee ffff gggg hhhh iiii kkkk llll mmmmnnnn oooo pppp rrrr ssss tttt uuuu yyyy '''' ,,,, ....aaaa cccc dddd eeee ffff gggg hhhh iiii kkkk llll mmmmnnnn oooo pppp rrrr ssss tttt uuuu yyyy '''' ,,,, ....

Kramer asked for skim milk in a melodramatic manner."My kingdom for a Macintosh," Maurice choked out meekly.It's more sportsmanlike to say "checkmate" than "knockout."Emmet felt homesick until Mom sent him that Hallmark Hanukkah card.The makeshift cloakroom is a trademark of McKinley's decisionmaking.Kim's nickname is "Kimono," an irksome mockery of her days in Yokohama.

There's not much homemade pumpkin ice cream and Smucker's hot fudge sauceremaining.The filmmaker, in machinelike precision, caught the magma and smoke from theimmense Mt. Krakatoa on film.Stock in Amtrak skyrocketed after McKeon's remark mocking spokesmen,gimmickery, and smokescreens in the marketplace.From Katmandu to Oklahoma, from Stockholm to Kentucky, from Alaska to theKremlin, Kodak film is found in many, many cameras.


Lesson 22
jjjj wwww jjjj wwww jjjj wwww jjjj wwwwjjjj wwww jjjj wwww jjjj wwww jjjj wwwwjw jw jw jw jw jw jw jwwj wj wj wj wj wj wj wjeeee jjjj tttt wwwwewe ewe ewe ewe jet jet jet jet Jew Jew Jew Jewwee wee wee wee wet wet wet wetJewett Jewett Jewett Jewett


Lesson 23
aaaa cccc dddd eeee ffff gggg hhhh iiii jjjj kkkk llll mmmmnnnn oooo pppp rrrr ssss tttt uuuu wwww yyyy '''' ,,,, ....aaaa cccc dddd eeee ffff gggg hhhh iiii jjjj kkkk llll mmmmnnnn oooo pppp rrrr ssss tttt uuuu wwww yyyy '''' ,,,, ....

Jamestown, New York, that's my home town.The Joshua Tree National Monument is known worldwide.Jujitsu makes you use your opponent's weight against himself."Wow," he said as his jaw dropped. "That's a jewel of a wristwatch."Wanting the water to flow, Irwin twisted the faucet counterclockwise.Woodrow Wilson's popularity went downward after the economic slowdown.The old Jewish widow withdrew further, working with the wooden jigsaw.Judy wondered if it was worthwhile to walk downtown to the Jewelry store.I wonder if that Newsweek on the windowsill has the lowdown on Woolworths.

With awe, Jeremy awkwardly swallowed a whole slew of raisinettes as theJohn Waters film started.Wynonna Judd, after a whirlwind tour of the Midwest, waited at theWaldorf Astoria for two weeks."Your Majesty," wrote Marjorie, "Nothing justifies prejudice. I can rejoiceonly when there is justice."The newsletter whitewashed reports of wiretapping in CongresswomanHollingsworth's jurisdiction."Hallelujah," wailed the janitor as he jettisoned the typewriter out thewindow. The projectile majestically landed at the junction of Jefferson andWinslow streets, just jolting, not injuring, a jogging tourist.


Lesson 24
qqqq vvvv qqqq vvvv qqqq vvvv qqqq vvvvqqqq vvvv qqqq vvvv qqqq vvvv qqqq vvvvqv qv qv qv qv qv qv qvvq vq vq vq vq vq vq vq


Lesson 25
aaaa cccc dddd eeee ffff gggg hhhh iiii jjjj kkkk llll mmmm nnnnoooo pppp qqqq rrrr ssss tttt uuuu vvvv wwww yyyy '''' ,,,, ....aaaa cccc dddd eeee ffff gggg hhhh iiii jjjj kkkk llll mmmm nnnnoooo pppp qqqq rrrr ssss tttt uuuu vvvv wwww yyyy '''' ,,,, ....

Mercury and quicksilver are quite the same.An acquisitive mind helped Pavlov evolve his theories.QVC's involvement with Paramount may give it new verve.Vivian's new Volvo unequivocally vanquished her fears of driving.According to Pravda, Vladivostok was a quiet village in its Soviet days.This unique, opaque liquor does not quench your thirst, it makes you queasy.David's vivid imagination and his inquisitive and inventive mind suggest a high IQ.

If Iraq was equipped to invade and conquer Tel Aviv, the U.S. may have quashedthat pervasively.We've never quantitatively proven that a quaver is equivalent to a quiver, onlyqualitatively.This revolutionary cardiovascular technique is representative of theproductivity here in Charlottesville."I've never had such quality hors d'oeuvres," Javier said assertively over thetranquil sounds of Vivaldi, as he looked over the picturesque headquarters ofthe Vancouver Civic Center.Nirvana's inequivalent sequel to their provocative release, Nevermind, isinconclusive. Nevertheless, this quirky yet vivacious trio has evoked aprogressive sound that very well may give you a new perspective on irreverence.



Lesson 26
;;;; zzzz ;;;; zzzz ;;;; zzzz ;;;; zzzz;;;; zzzz ;;;; zzzz ;;;; zzzz ;;;; zzzz;z ;z ;z ;z :z :z :z :z;z ;z ;z ;z :z :z :z :zZ; Z; Z; Z; z: z: z: z:


Lesson 27
aaaa cccc dddd eeee ffff gggg hhhh iiii jjjj kkkk llll mmmm nnnn oooopppp qqqq rrrr ssss tttt uuuu vvvv wwww yyyy zzzz '''' ,,,, .... ;;;;aaaa cccc dddd eeee ffff gggg hhhh iiii jjjj kkkk llll mmmm nnnn oooopppp qqqq rrrr ssss tttt uuuu vvvv wwww yyyy zzzz '''' ,,,, .... ;;;;

Zachary MacKenzie froze in amazement; on the radio in his Mazda he heardpizzicato stanzas of Mozart.Carmen Rodriguez is a citizen of Venezuela; her former spouse, Inigo Martinez,and his new wife, Anna Vasquez, have moved to Swaziland or Tanzania.The prizewinning paper on immunization against schizophrenia was delivered inCzechoslovakia; this technique was deemphasized in Switzerland.A crazed gazelle was whizzing around the zoo; a quizzical giraffe guzzled downpizzas through his muzzle; another one merely grazed and dozed; severalchimpanzees started zigging and zagging; the reptile zone was oozing withactivity; several lizards hazarded the freezing waters and capsized the fishtanks; a dozen grizzlies were waltzing in the plaza.


Lesson 29
aaaa bbbb cccc dddd eeee ffff gggg hhhh iiii jjjj kkkk llll mmmm nnnn oooopppp qqqq rrrr ssss tttt uuuu vvvv wwww xxxx yyyy zzzz '''' ,,,, .... ;;;;aaaa bbbb cccc dddd eeee ffff gggg hhhh iiii jjjj kkkk llll mmmm nnnn oooopppp qqqq rrrr ssss tttt uuuu vvvv wwww xxxx yyyy zzzz '''' ,,,, .... ;;;;

Heathcliff Huxtable was played by the inexorable Bill Cosby.An inexhaustible supply of benzedrine merely exacerbated his disturbances.Bruce Boxleitner explained to the extraterrestrial why Babylon Five was built.

The ambidextrous exhibitor was exhausted by the time he loaded the boxcarwith hobbyhorses.Drop those xeroxes off in the mailbox; I'll get them in the bibliography infive days maximum.Mr. Balboa is pretty flexible with the textbook; it's probably excusable tofall a bit behind.Why Mr. Baxter went from Bordeaux to the tableaux exhibit in Luxembourg bytaxicab is inexplicable.Becky found the Bronx pretty obnoxious; though there was that Caribbeanrestaurant that truly excelled.The executives at NBC, CBS, and ABC all found it inexcusable that the BBC wasso inflexible and xenophobic.An exuberant Bill Clinton blew into his saxophone before the ambassadors; itwas an extraordinary experience that nobody could explaini.
